say come in this thing surrender all
right all right
I think Chef Ramsay will like our food
thank you guys
you know I know you hear that on every
show but our food is great
so this one is what though that's a
steak serían stay with the pursuit but
Sarala
okay okay yep thank you it's fine
they're like I've just given birth I
guess that's the placenta
[Music]
it's gone see I go up to see think he's
alright
please for it we're not yeah it's a
clumsy mess stake his draw nice what is
that mozzarella
what is disgusting combination Tommy yes
two seconds
um steak is drawn that's supposed to be
mozzarella prosciutto honestly I mean
that is that's ghastly it's like
someone's sign up on my plate some we
have a word with a chef would you please
yoga I know my Foods good
I know it's good I know it's pretty good
what this was brer so not good at all
server when the kitchen messes up Tommy
instead of you know telling them to step
their game up like let's go like he just
moves around you're not sure okay thank
God as costly are you kidding me wheels
are specially right people they order
the veal Sinatra all the time including
myself another please
that's dreadful it's just chewy Joey
lost all the texture when they pound the
veal it's just such a shame this is
Pauline Lucy Cherie thank you oh dear
she lobsters Lisa
he's a crayfish gosh crayfish starting
at my filet mignon and I didn't get my
lobster so cheap imitation lobster
you're gonna hack that off there that's
bright white so that's just overcooked a
[ __ ] absolutely chewy as anything my god
it's bland its chewy it's an insult to
Italy we're not
I was just like you to taste this that's
the crayfish by the way it's not even
lobsters spiny lobster it's a crayfish
but they're sewing everything's
overcooked
Jesus Lord help
I'd like tell me to taste those lobsters
sure yourself up and stopping he wants
you it tastes the chewy lobster snowy
top but I decided to taste the lobster
was a matter it was too chewy
I have really good food Chef Ramsay
might not agree with that he was on but
it still comes back to I have really
good food I know what doing now that was
filed I'm done to be the chef yeah yeah
back Joe let's get them out Tommy and
Dean are never thought every single meal
that we would send out will get critique
that big okay let's come around buddy
let's say we can talk boy everything
that we do here needs improvement see
the head chef Nick how are you working
here life almost closed five years five
years I'm here to tell you straight if
that's the best this rations got to
offer it's embarrassing it's 2012 and
we're seven food from 1970 are you happy
with that setup it's not just 28 years
old
this man is older than me but me don't
let me change the menu alone you need to
change some different I can't blame him
entirely
I gotta blame the individuals that he's
working for you too because you've
handicapped in yo the stuffed entree
first there was a gross steak was raw
cooked one side and if there's one thing
you don't do to a New York Strip is
stuff it the land and sea and you know
that's not Lobster that's called a
crayfish so we haven't got filet mignon
haven't got lots on the menu yet the
dish is title with both the headlines
lobster filet
but the horror for me today was to
discover that you've got a menu that has
screwed you from the first night you
opened its absolute utter madness and
you don't need me to tell you that but
you're in denial you know I'm not in
denial when you sit then tell me that
food is good there's nothing wrong with
it it's my [ __ ] fault it's my boy who
ended up upwards but where my [ __ ]
dog he's giving them an impossible task
we start a whole new man you might think
our boots still gonna I disagree what
you'll learn there you're in denial
the food was disgusting hey just for
your dad weren't your pain come on you
are gonna have to get your head out your
ass
are you kidding me wheels are specially
five people that order the veal Sinatra
all the time including needles